Let us consider approaches to compute an expression.

<h2>Evaluation</h2>

All constant types, such as booleans and numbers, have their own types
in the AM's type hierarchy. When evaluating, you will also get a result 
in one of these types.

To evaluate an `Entity` you need to call its method `EvalNumerical` to
evaluate it into a `Complex` and `EvalBoolean` to evaluate it into a `Boolean`.
Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "2 + 3";
Console.WriteLine(expr.EvalNumerical()); // 5
Entity expr2 = "true implies false";
Console.WriteLine(expr2.EvalBoolean()); // false
```

If the given expression cannot be represented as the requested type, for example,
the result is a set, or the expression contains unresolved variables, exception
`CannotEvalException`. Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "2 + 3 + a";
Console.WriteLine(expr.EvalNumerical()); // throws, as "a" is unknown
Entity expr2 = "{ 1, 3 }";
Console.WriteLine(expr2.EvalNumerical()); // throws, as the result is not a number
Entity expr3 = "true implies b";
Console.WriteLine(expr3.EvalBoolean()); // throws, as "b" is unknown
```

Properties `EvaluableBoolean` and `EvaluableNumerical` show whether the expression
can be expressed as a single boolean or a single numerical value. For example,
do not call `EvalNumerical()` if `EvaluableNumerical` is false.

Once evaluated, the result might be converted into a primitive via explicit cast.
Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "3 / 5";
double evalDouble = (double)expr.EvalNumerical();
Console.WriteLine(evalDouble);
Complex evalComplex = (Complex)expr.EvalNumerical();
Console.WriteLine(evalComplex);
int evalInt = (int)expr.EvalNumerical();
Console.WriteLine(evalInt);
```
Output:
```
0.6
(0.6, 0)
0
```
If a number cannot be converted into the given primitive, a `NumberCastException`
will be thrown. Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "3 / 5 + i";
double evalDouble = (double)expr.EvalNumerical(); // throws NumberCastException
```

However, if you do not need the final number, but instead, the "most" evaluated
expression, you may address property `Evaled`. Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "2 + 3";
Console.WriteLine(expr.Evaled);
Entity expr2 = "2 + 3 + a";
Console.WriteLine(expr2.Evaled);
```
Output:
```
5
5 + a
```

It is recommended to consider `Evaled` as a free-to-access property. It is
a so-called <a href="https://habr.com/en/post/545936/">lazy property</a>.
Nonetheless, it should be pointed out that the first address of this property
executes computations and puts into cache.

Extensions: `string.EvalNumerical()`, `string.EvalBoolean()`.
