Here we alternate the given expression into different possible forms.

<h2>Alternate</h2>

The main method for Simplification is method `Alternate`. It finds alternative
forms of the given expression and returns a sorted IEnumerable, from the simplest
to the most complicated. Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "sin(x / a) + cos(3) + sqrt(e - x)";
foreach (var alt in expr.Alternate(5))
    Console.WriteLine(alt);
```
Output:
```
sin(x / a) + cos(3) + sqrt(e - x)
cos(3) + sin(x / a) + sqrt(e - x)
sin(x / a) + cos(3) + sqrt(e - x)
cos(3) + sin(1 / a * x) + sqrt(e + -x)
```	
The only argument of this method is responsible for the number of iterations
the simplification will go through.

The measure of the complexity of an expression is `Entity`'s property `SimplifiedRate`.
It has a type of `double`. The higher its value is, the more complicated the expression
is. That is the number by which method `Alternate` sorts expressions. Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "sin(x / a) + cos(3) + sqrt(e - x)";
foreach (var alt in expr.Alternate(5))
    Console.WriteLine(alt.SimplifiedRate);
```
Output:
```
37
37
37
49
```
The user's algorithms should not rely on the number, produced by `SimplifiedRate`, as
it might vary from version to version.

Method `Simplify` simply returns the first expression of all those returned
by `Alternate`, that is, the one with the lowest `SimplifiedRate`.

<h2>Critera of complexity and other methods</h2>

To change the critera by which an expression's complexity is computed, you may want
to change setting `MathS.Settings.ComplexityCriteria` (dicussed in further chapters).
The higher value for the given expression you return - the worse it appears for the AM's
simplification algorithm.

`Simplify` is an active and expensive operation. `Entity` has also property `InnerSimplified`,
which is usually called as "automatic simplification". Since there exists no automatic
simplification in AM, you can address this property to get a naively simplified result.
For example, it will cancel out zeros in sums, ones in products, and other basic operations.
Example:
```cs
Entity expr1 = "a + 0";
Console.WriteLine(expr1.InnerSimplified); // a
Entity expr2 = "sin(x)2 + cos(x)2";
Console.WriteLine(expr2.InnerSimplified); // sin(x) ^ 2 + cos(x) ^ 2
```
As it could be seen, it will not simplify cases which require applying patterns.
To simplify the latter case, call `Simplify`.

Same way as with `Evaled`, consider `InnerSimplified` as a free-to-call property.

Extension: `string.Simplify()`.