Here we will cover the way you can manipulate global settings of the library.

<h2>Introduction</h2>

There are a lot of points at which we cannot trust our choice, and you might want
to change the behaviour. That is why we introduced global settings. There is no need
to create additional files, and those settings are static properties.

The settings are, although static, thread-safe. Every setting is set for one thread only
(via `[ThreadStatic]`), so setting in one thread will not affect the same setting in another
thread.

<h2>Using Settings</h2>

Let us consider a particular example. When AM cannot solve an equation analytically, it would
apply numerical methods to solve it, for example, that of Newton.
Example:
```cs
Entity expr = "x + sin(x) = 0";
Console.WriteLine(expr.Solve("x"));
```
Will print:
```
{ 10.712... + 3.103...i, ... }
```
(Major share of the result was omitted under "...")

This equation does not have a elementary roots (except for 0). We want to restrict it to solving
only analytically, and if it cannot solve it so, it should not apply Newton's method. Let us
set this setting:
```cs
using var _ = MathS.Settings.AllowNewton.Set(false);

Entity expr = "x + sin(x) = 0";
Console.WriteLine(expr.Solve("x"));
```
Output:
```
{  }
```

As it can be seen, it does not apply the Newton's method when solving, even if no analytical 
solution was found.

Summing up, the syntax has two options.

The first one is more convenient:
```cs
using var _ = MathS.Settings.SomeSetting.Set(SomeValue);
// code
```

The second one might be useful for parts, when the setting should be reverted before the method ends:
```cs
using (var _ = MathS.Settings.SomeSetting.Set(SomeValue))
{
    // code
}
```

<h2>Explanation</h2>

This `using var _ = ` syntactical detail might not be appealing, but it allows to revert the value of
the setting back to normal at the end of the scope. Make sure that you write exactly like this, otherwise
the value will not be reverted back and you might get undesired results.